---
layout: post
title: End of Project 1 (Week 3)
---

Week 3 post for Object-Oriented Programming

# What did you do this past week?

Last week, I finished the first project for the course, which involved implementing an optimized solution for the Collatz problem using C++. We also began discussing C++ in greater detail, such as how comparisons work using CStrings versus C++Strings, pointers, references, lvalues and rvalues, and more. 

# What's in your way?

As I estimated, the first project ended up taking around 10 hours. As I also expected, as detailed from my blog post for last week, what ended up taking the vast majority of the time was setting up and properly configuring the various tools that we were using, especially Docker. So as to what was in my way last week, Docker was definitely number one on that list. It took several hours to set up properly, as I first tried (unsuccessfully) to get it working on Windows, then eventually resolved things by moving to a Ubuntu virtual machine and installing it there.

# What will you do next week?

I believe that we are being introduced to project 2 next week, so I will start focusing my efforts there.

# My experience in the course

The first project was not too bad, and I think now that I have set up all the technologies that we use, future projects should take less time (assumiung the programming doesn't get incredibly more difficult). The lectures this week were also more interesting, as we didn't spend as much time talking about the project.

# Tip of the week

In vim, you can use the ":split" command to edit multiple files in the same vim window.
