---
layout: post
title: Week 6
---

Week 6 post for Object-Oriented Programming

# What did you do this past week?

This past week was not incredibly busy in the course, as there were no projects that we needed to work on. We just learned more programming concepts in C++ in the lectures. 

# What's in your way?

There's nothing immediate that's in my way, as the course has not been incredibly busy in the past week.

# What will you do next week?

Next week will definitely be more busy as the first exam for the course is on Thursday, so I will have to spend a good amount of time preparing for it. Most likely I will try to find a study group, as there is quite a lot of material that we have covered thus far and I think it will be helpful to study with some peers to make sure that I understand all of it. 

# My experience in the course

During the past week, I definitely feel that the difficulty of the course has increased. The material presented in the lectures have gotten much more complex and in depth. However, one thing that concerns me is that I feel that we are more speciifcally learning C++ in greater depth, but not necessarily object-oriented programming concepts as a whole.  

# Tip of the week

I've recently starting preparing for technical interviews, and I've found that [InterviewCake](https://interviewcake.com) is quite a great resource for practicing programming interview questions. Not only does the site offer good explanations, but it also teaches you general strategies and warns you about common reasoning pitfalls or corner cases when dealing with specific problems. 
