---
layout: post
title: Week 11 (End of project 4)
---

Week 11 post for Object-Oriented Programming

# What did you do this past week?

This past week, I completed the Darwin project for the course. Overall, I was also incredibly busy with my other courses, as I had a test in Algorithms last Wednesday and a project for Software Engineering due the same time as the OOP Darwin project.

# What's in your way?

The project turned out to be quite challenging, and I think it was definitely the most difficult OOP project thus far. The biggest thing in my way while I was working on the project was the fact that we were not allowed to use getters and setters. After working a lot in Java during the summer (although I don't come from a Java background), getters and setters were very natural to me and it required a lot of thinking, plannning, and manipulation in order to complete the project without using them. However, I agree that it teaches good object-oriented design and I think that it was definitely a project I learned from.

# What will you do next week?

The next (and I believe final) project in the course, called Life, has already been released, so I will be working on that next week. I believe that it is an extension of the Darwin project.

# My experience in the course

My experience in the course has been ok, although I do think that the material has been getting more difficult recently.

# Tip of the week

I was recently in the situation where I accidentally deleted a repository from Github. If you're ever in this situation, I've found that the easiest way to get it back it to contact Github support. They got back to me within a few hours and were able to restore my repository from their backups.
