---
layout: post
title: Week 10
---

Week 10 post for Object-Oriented Programming

# What did you do this past week?

This past week, I was introduced to the "Darwin's World" project in class and began working on it in my own time. Additionally, we had a guest lecture from Pariveda Solutions last Wednesday, where they shared their experiences with us, including what it is like to work at a consulting firm and their tips for getting a job after graduation. 

# What's in your way?

So far, not too much has been in my way in terms of the project. I have just been setting up a lot of the underlying structure for the project, organizing functionality into classes and making sure that I am not using any getters and setters. The next step for me is to actually implement the different actions so that they will affect the creatures on the board. 

# What will you do next week?

The project is due next Thursday, so I will be spending a lot of time in the next week to complete it. Overally, next week will be a very busy week for me, as I also have another project in my Software Engineering course that is due the same time, and a test in Algorithms the day before. 

# My experience in the course

I think that this is the first project that really helps improve my object-oriented design skills, and it has been challenging enough to be interesting and also helps improve my C++ skills. I think that the guest lectures are also helpful fro those who are graduating soon and looking for jobs, so I'm glad that Professor Downing is taking the time to schedule them for us. 

# Tip of the week

Contributing to existing Open Source projects on Github can be a great way to boost your resume if you're not interested on working on any projects of your own. 
