---
layout: post
title: Week 5
---

Week 5 post for Object-Oriented Programming

# What did you do this past week?

This past week, I worked with my partner on the Netflix project, completed it, and submitted it. 

# What's in your way?

The Netflix project was significantly more challenging than the Collatz project, even though many of the technologies that we used were the same. Writing the unit tests was especially challenging, as for some reason our code would not behave the same way when running using Google Test compared to when running regularly through RunNetflix.c++. Additionally, Valgrind caused a significant slowdown in the execution of the code, which made simply finding out whether all our test cases passed or not a process that took about 10 minutes on average.

We found out from the Valgrind manual that the slowdown caused by Valgrind can be from 10-50x the normal execution time of the code, and this also posed a challenge to us when trying to get Travis tests to pass. Because all the Valgrind output was being written to a file, Travis would frequently terminate itself because no output to the console was being generated (Travis has a built-in 10 minute timeout). This occurred even when we significantly simplified the unit tests.

In the future projects, I will definitely need to consider different ways to handle the significant Valgrind problem. I think that it was severely exacerbated by the fact that we were reading so much data from cache into local memory. Hopefully that is not the case for future projects. 

# What will you do next week?

I'm not sure if the next project is being introduced next week, but if so I will start working on that. Meanwihle, I should also start preparing for the upcoming exam.

# My experience in the course

The last week was very similar to previous weeks - we had a decently interesting talk from NASA and learned some more about C++. 

# Tip of the week

In Mac OS X, typing "clear" into the Terminal doesn't actually clear it - it just appends a bunch of whitespace to make it appear as though you've got a clean console. If you really want to clear the Terminal, press "Command+K".
