---
layout: post
title: Week 8
---

Week 8 post for Object-Oriented Programming

# What did you do this past week?

This past week, we continued to learn about C++ in the lectures, discussing differences between memory on the stack and hte heap, and how arrays of different types are initialized. Additionally, we were introduced to the third project in the course, which is due next Thursday. The project involves building a memory allocator similar to the one that is implemented natively in C++. The allocator works by fulfilling requests to contiguous segments of memory, and identifies what memory is used or available using markers called "sentinels". 

# What's in your way?

I've begun working with a partner on the second project, and so far we are having some trouble figuring out how the deallocation will work. Additionally, I think that writing unit tests will be a bit difficult as there are more use/corner cases that we will need to cover, and ensure are working correctly. 

# What will you do next week?

As I mentioned, the project is due next Thursday, so I will be primarily focused on completing the project with my partner. 

# My experience in the course

My experience in the course has been pretty good. Now that we are beginning to talk about heap memory management, a topic that I have been very interested in since being exposed to it in my Operating Systems course, I feel that I have a lot to learn from the course. I only wish that we were building a more sophisticated memory allocator, instead of just a simple one that uses first-fit algorithm in order to allocate memory.

# Tip of the week

StackOverflow, the popular programming Q/A website, recently released a new feature called [Documentation](http://stackoverflow.com/documentation), which provides (as one would expect from the name) documentation on how to do basic things in a bunch of major programming languages. It also provides useful code examples, and is definitely worth checking out if you're just getting started with a new language.
