---
layout: post
title: Week 13
---

Week 13 post for Object-Oriented Programming

# What did you do this past week?

This past week, I completed the final project for the course, Life. 

# What's in your way?

Overall, the project had a lot of different aspects to it, which made completing it quite complicated and time consuming. For example, we had to write a parser that would be able to read from an input file in ordder to build the Life boards. Additionally, we had to create several different classes and made the Life board work with ConwayCells, FredkinCells, and the general Cell class as well, so there was a lot of planning that went into a successful implementation. 

# What will you do next week?

Next week is Thanksgiving week, so I believe we will only have class on Monday of that week. However, although next week is rather relaxed, the second exam for the course is coming up the week after that, so I think that I will need to start reviewing material for the final soon.

# My experience in the course

Now that we are reaching the end of the semester, I think that overall the course has taught me quite a lot in terms of object oriented programming. We have covered a variety of object-oriented concepts, including inheritance from the final project, and I think that comparing C++ and Java as a way to present the material has been pretty interesting.

# Tip of the week

World chess champion Magus Carlsen was asked earlier today about the keys to remaining sharp through the 12-game world chess championship series that he's currently playing in. He replied that the most important thing is to be both physically and mentally rested. This week's tip is to take Thanksgiving break and spend some time to relax, both mentally and physically! It's been a long semester.
