---
layout: post
title: Week 9
---

Week 9 post for Object-Oriented Programming

# What did you do this past week?

I completed the Allocator project for the course this past week. We also started looking more in depth at the vector data structure, and its underlying components, within the lecture throughout the week.

# What's in your way?

The third project was not too difficult once I was able to understand it. Unfortunately, one big thing in my way was that I missed a couple of classes where the implementation behind the project was described, and my partner for the project also missed these classes. So we had to figure out on our own a lot of the underlying behavior behind the implementation. Also, I had a project for Software Engineering due at the same time, so it was a big challenge managing the time to work on both projects, with their corresponding groups. 

# What will you do next week?

Next week, I will be starting the fourth project in the course, which is due on November 3rd. The project seems to be very focused on object-oriented programming design and encapsulation, as we will be creating objects that define behaviors of certain "creates" in "Darwin's World". I'll have to make sure not to miss any more classes where the project is introduced.

# My experience in the course

Overall, I feel that the pace of the course has really picked up, and I've been very busy with these projects, as well as the ones in Software Engineering. 

# Tip of the week

If you use multiple Windows/Mac machines and want to use the same keyboard/mouse for all of them, check out this tool called (Synergy)[http://symless.com] that lets you do just that!
