---
layout: post
title: Project 1 Introduction! (Week 2)
---

In this post, I discuss week 2 of Object-Oriented Programming.

# What did you do this past week?

I got started on the projects. We discussed them in great detail during most of the week's classes, and it was helpful to learn about some optimizations that we could make to improve the performance of our programs and make sure that they meet the time limitations specified by UVA.

# What's in your way?

One of the biggest challenges for me is learning and figuring out how to use the new technologies that this class introduced to me. Even though some technologies, such as Git/Github, are ones that I am familiar with and have been using for years, others, such as coverage/testing tools, are completely new to me and took a while to set up. However, hopefully this will begin to take less time as I progress through the course and get more familiar with the technologies through the projects. 

# What will you do next week?

Project 1 is due on Thursday of next week, so my biggest focus during that time will be to finish the project and make sure that it meets all the given requirements. I will also be writing test cases that will be run on the other students' programs, and I'll receive bonus points if students fail to account for the logic in my test cases. 

# My experience in the course

As I mentioned before, we spent a great deal of the time this week discussing the projects. While I mentioned that it was helpful, I hope that in the future, more lecture time will be dedicated to teaching concepts of object-oriented programming. We did do some of this on Friday, with the introduction of try/catch statements, but I think that the manner in which the material was presented could have been improved. Specifically, I think it is as important, if not more so, to teach *why/when* to use try/catch blocks, rather than only explaining *how* they work. Because try/catch is meant to gracefully handle errors that the programmer does not expect, some of the examples that Professor Downing gave, most memorably using try/catch to handle known errors (such as insufficient funds) in withdrawing cash from ATMs, do not make much sense. Perhaps we will discuss exception handling more next week, during which these issues may be addressed, but personally I feel that it should first be important to stress that try/catch is an expensive process to be used in *exceptional* cases, and that for known errors, using class/local variables makes code both faster (exception objects are generally expensive to build) and more understandable.

# Tip of the week

If you want to learn JavaScript, there's a fun game called [Screeps](https://screeps.com/) that can help. A game for programmers, Screeps is a real time strategy game that allows you to write AI code that programs your "Screeps", or characters, to harvest resources, unlock upgrades, and battle other players' Screeps. 
