---
layout: post
title: Week 7 (Test 1)
---

Week 7 post for Object-Oriented Programming

# What did you do this past week?

This past week, I spent a great deal of time studying and preparing for the first test in the course.

# What's in your way?

There was definitely a lot of material covered by the first test, which is partially attributed to the fact that there are only two tests for the course throughout the entire semester. However, the actual process of studying for the test was not too difficult, as Professor Downing made it very clear about what was going to be on the test, and provided both lecture notes and examples on Github so that one could sufficiently understand the material. 

Overall, I felt that I did okay on the test. I know I messed up on the syntax a little bit in a couple of places, but I thought that my logic and implementation of the coding problems was, for the most part, correct. 

# What will you do next week?

Professor Downing has just released the details of the third project earlier today, so I will be starting to look into the requirements of that project, finding a group, and getting started. 

# My experience in the course

I think that the course is decently enjoyable. I'm looking forward to what we'll learn in the second half of the semester. 

# Tip of the week

Build your [StackOverflow](http://stackoverflow.com) profile by answering questions. Although every has used StackOverflow as a resource to get help on their own problems, it can be impressive to employers if your StackOverflow profile demonstrates that you have knowledge/expertise in a specific area, and have used that to help others. 
