---
layout: post
title: Week 12
---

Week 12 post for Object-Oriented Programming

# What did you do this past week?

This past week, we began talking about inheritance in lecture. In particular, we looked at the different ways that constructors worked when a class was subclassed by another. 

Outside of the course, the 5th and final project, called Life, has been released and I have started working on that. It too focuses on inheritance, which is fundamental to successfully implementing and completing the project.

# What's in your way?

So far, I have not made too much progress on the final project, because I've been working on projects for other classes. So far, not too much is in my way, so I'll most likely have more to say on this subject in next week's post. 

# What will you do next week?

The project is due next Thursday, so I will be spending a lot of time next week completing it. 

# My experience in the course

It's been interesting exploring inheritance, which of course is an incredibly important component of object-oriented programming. I think the course does a good job of comparing and constrasting implementations of inheritance in C++ and Java, and has definitely improved my understanding of how inheritance works in the former language. 

# Tip of the week

This isn't so much a tip, but more of an entertainment suggestion. Everyone knows about [XKCD](http://xkcd.com) comics, which discuss subjects varying from math to climate change to computer science. As my tip, I would like to share [What If?](http://what-if.xkcd.com/) from XKCD, which discusses interesting theoretical questions/situations in a longer, more in-depth post. 
