---
layout: post
title: Week 4 Entry
---

Week 4 blog post for Object-Oriented Programming

# What did you do this past week?

I started working with a partner on the second project, Netflix. We spent several hours working on it together last week and made a fair bit of progress. In class, we discussed more about C++, particularly with pointers. We also introduced type names, which allow functions to be more generic, as they are able to take in different types of parameters. The example we looked at in class was how one could write an "equal" function to compare the equality of the elements within two data structures, such as arrays and lists. Not only could the function take in both arrays and lists, it also accepted different elements within these data structures, such as an array of ints, and an array of doubles.

# What's in your way?

In terms of the project, we have managed to get a RMSE of about 1.1. So we are decently close to reaching the requirement of under 1.0. There is nothing really in our way; we have a few ideas about how to improve the RMSE, based on the article that Downing provided on the project page. So hopefully it will not be too difficult to achieve the requirement for the project.

# What will you do next week?

Next week, I will be finishing up and submitting the Netflix project. 

# My experience in the course

I am glad that we are discussing more intricately different characteristics of C++. I think that it helps not only by giving me a stronger understanding of the language, but also with object oriented concepts as a whole.

# Tip of the week

You can check word count in vim by pressing 'g', then 'ctrl+g'. 
